Today was a lot of learning, especially relating to Git workflow. I seriously need to up my Git game but even after just going through it thoroughly with Adrian today I feel a lot stronger going forward. I am a bit embarrassed that I didn't know more after working with Git for the past five months, but that's what happens when you get into a single way of doing things- it's good to learn about other workflows so you can decide what's best for the situation. I heard the song 'Fix You' and the line 'when you try your best and you don't succeed' felt very apt. I tried very hard today but made a mistakes I feel I shouldn't have, and got stuck in places I feel I should have been able to resolve myself. I was able to identify why what I wanted to happen wasn't happening, but needed help figuring out how to move forward moving tests from one directory to another. I also initially completely missed that all of the tests I need were already written in the required format, so I spent an hour going through two files that I ultimately didn't need to change. Will take a few things with me going forward.

## Things I know a bit better after today
### 1. Git work flow with rebasing & no 'merge parties' (i.e. everybody freezing their workflow whenever a PR is created, the PR immediately being reviewed and merged, and everyone immediately pulling the updated master; so a workflow with more than three people touching the code base)
  * Things are much more complicated in a large code base that lots of people are touching simultaneously.
  * Always make sure to have rebased off the master branch when you think you're ready to push to origin; that way you're working off the most recent branch that everyone else is working on
    * So checkout the master branch, git pull, then checkout branch you want to push and rebase (no git pull, your rebase is pointless cuz it's stale)
    * Tortoise can be your best friend- it's a useful GUI for making sure that your git history is clean and what you intend
      * Use 'tgit log' to see your history. Make sure there's no double dipping on commits, that the master branch is included properly, and that your commits are clean (a million tiny commits are a no-no: condense them into a single commit)
      * tgit log is also a good place to rebase from. Right click on the commit *you want to become the new base/parent* and you can select 'rebase <branchName> onto this'
  * Make a change, make a PR, merge the PR, and kill the branch. DO NOT do multiple tasks on the single branch if you have a PR open. Keep it clean, girl.

### 2. The devil is in the details
  * Do not make things more complicated than they need to be. Look thoroughly at all pieces of a file/directory/whatever you're working on *before* deciding what needs to be done. You might miss something by making assumptions (like assuming the file structure for all tests is the same) and make more work for yourself

### 3. Don't be afraid to ask questions if you're really stuck, but make sure you're *really* stuck
  * Google, logging, and the code base are your bffs, even if they are sometimes confusing or don't give you a direct answer. A few times today I was able to get myself unstuck or at least narrowing down scope and moving forward by *really thinking* about what I was trying to do, what impacts that functionality, and how the whole thing fits together.
  * But asking the right questions is also valuable. In scrum I asked a question that reminded me the js files are outputs, not inputs, and are generated by the ts test files. Remembering this later helped me figure out why my console logs were still showing up after removing the test files without having to ask for help.

### 4. Know thy workflow
  * Got confused on what was input/output, which led to a brief mini-meltdown where I thought I deleted about a dozen tests (did not- deleted lines in the output file so all was well with the world, shout-out/thank you to Greg for the reassurance)


Learning journey is still very much underway, but I feel like if I can just keep gaining experience, not sidetrack my team too often with questions, and continue contributing to the team I can pull my weight and be a valuable member of this team. I wish I knew more but that will come with time and practice. I will focus on being inspired by the amazing people I work with and strive to meet their ability rather than focusing on what I cannot yet do.